{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16120\viewh14400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 MacSweeper - Version {VERSION}\

\fs26 Minesweeper for Mac OS X
\fs36 \

\f1\b0\fs26 \
MacSweeper is a clone of Microsoft's old favorite, Minesweeper.  MacSweeper is free software developed by Morgan Conbere.\
\

\f0\b Installation
\b0 \
\

\f1 Drag the application to your preferred Applications location.  MacSweeper is a Universal Binary and should run on Mac OS X version 10.5 or greater.\
\

\f0\b Controls
\b0 \
\

\f1 In order to account for Macs that do not have a second mouse button, the controls are slightly altered from the original Microsoft scheme.\
\
	
\b Flag a cell - 
\b0 Use the secondary mouse button click or ctrl-click on the cell.\
	
\b Reveal a cell - 
\b0 Use the primary mouse button click on an unrevealed and unflagged cell.\
	
\b Reveal all cells around a cell which has the proper number of flags - 
\b0 Use the primary mouse button click on the revealed cell.
\b \
	New Game - 
\b0 Select New Game from the File menu, press \uc0\u63743 -n on the keyboard, click the smiley face, or click on a completed game board.\
\

\f0\b More Information
\b0 \

\f1 \
A help document is available in the MacSweeper menu.  More information about MacSweeper can be found on the web at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/macsweeper"}}{\fldrslt http://code.google.com/p/macsweeper}}.\
\

\f0\b Missing Features
\b0 \

\f1 \
There are a number of missing features in this initial release.  If you are experiencing a bug that is not listed here, contact Morgan Conbere at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mconbere@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt mconbere@gmail.com}}.\
\
	
\b The beginner game is 9x9, not 8x8 - 
\b0 Okay, now you're just being anal.  I respect that.  Microsoft switched to the 9x9 configuration, you should to.  If you want to play the old 8x8 game, select custom game with 8x8 and 10 mines.  Because Aqua windows are not intended to be so small, there is trouble fitting the default toolbar up above.  To see the timer, right click on the toolbar to customize it.\
}